# (CS 3311 + LMC 3432) + (CS 3312 + LMC 3431) - Junior Design
## J7205 & E7205, Team All-Star
This was one project, but four classes split into two consecutive semesters with the same team. We implemented AGILE workflow methodologies to design and develop a native mobile application for Android. Fulcrum is geared towards college students and it helps them quantify, track, and monitor their academic, emotional, physical (optional via the Google Fit physical tracker), and social dimensions of wellness over time. <br/>

We had client engagements at periodic intervals (usually the beginning and/or end of a sprint). We began with the clients' proposal, requirements, questionnaire they developed alongside the Georgia Tech Counseling Center, and rough mock ups of what they initially perceived the application to be. During both phases, we designed, documented, prototyped, evaluated, re-designed, and tested the application throughout various sprints. <br/>

###### Old readme for historical reasons
According to the University of California, “wellness is an active process of becoming aware of and making choices toward a healthy and fulfilling life”.  The university also states that wellness is a dynamic process of change and growth. The Fulcrum application is a native Android application built to help students keep track of their emotional, physical, academic, and social dimensions of wellness. Users fill out a daily survey (modeled off a Likert Scale) that asks students how well they think they handled various situations throughout that day. Based on the results of this survey, Fulcrum calculates wellness scores for each of the four areas. Students can use Fulcrum to track their wellness scores over time. The application is tailored for use by college students. <br/>

Fulcrum was developed by six Georgia Tech students: Yamin Mousselli, Arvind Narayan, Tyler Serrian, Jarrett Serrian, Christian Thai, and Jimmy Dinh. Conor Fitzpatrick and Shanzeh Farooqui served as advisors on this project, as have Georgia Tech Professors Olufisayo Omojokun, Casey Wilson, Mary Hudachek-Buswell, and Kelly Ann Fitzpatrick.
